[Music]
the temperatures heading down freezing
my tail off but how do we know it's an
ice age because of all the eyes and the
whole world's heading south
[Music]
except for misfits going the other way
I'm not going who are about to discover
something that brings them together we
should return him if you're looking for
the humans never gonna reach them before
the pass closes up with snow now they're
looking out for the kid from now I'm
refer to me as lord of the flames hey
Lord of the flame details on fire and
everyone else better look out for them
I actually thought you're gonna eat me I
don't eat junk food
[Music]
[Applause]
captain iceberg
this I gotta say where's the baby
there is ice age
[Music]